four of the rarest phones ever first up
is the Coca-Cola phone it has a special
finish designed to match the sheen of a
real coke can every time you take a
photo you can hear the coke being opened
and when you plug it into charge the
drink actually comes together the Harry
Potter phone though is magical every
single part of this unboxing experience
is filled with references to the movies
like The Marauders map which is actually
your manual the phone itself has an
embossed Harry Potter logo it has a
glossy Crest it's even got Harry's
glasses around the two camera lenses and
the wallpaper that's the golden snitch
next up is the BMW film yes it actually
comes in a car Bonnet that just keeps on
giving with posters special coins of the
BMW logo through the years and an air
compressor and then the phone itself has
a custom boot screen a unique icon pack
and the BMW logo instead of the home
button this one though is on a whole
other level this it's the $10,000 gun
phone it's made of Aerospace grade
titanium the handle of the gun is real
wood and the gun itself electroplated
gold imagine taking this through airport
security